"The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office." -Robert Frost
"Everybody knows you never go full retard."
"The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take." -Roy Carlson, University of Wisconsin
"Always do the hard part first. If the hard part is impossible, why waste time on the easy part? Once the hard part is done, you're home free. Always do the easy part first. What you think at first is the easy part often turns out to be the hard part. Once the easy part is done, you can concentrate all your efforts on the hard part." -Al Schapira, Bell Labs
"The great thing about Object Oriented code is that it can make small, simple programs look like large, complex ones."
Boredom: the desire for desires.
Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.
"Don’t worry if it doesn't work right.  If everything did, you'd be out of a job." (Mosher's Law of Software Engineering)
"First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop a programming style.  Then forget all that and just hack."
"Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment."
"Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration."
"There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses."
"I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing."
"There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs."
"Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders."
"If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution."
"Good code is its own best documentation."
"The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time.  The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time."
"If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in." -Edsger W. Dijkstra
"To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer."
"A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila."
"The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it." -Dale Carnegie